very good kids here we are with
another video of arms race
well this is the comment that I
you have asked fernando with the music
if I wake up lately like many with
music sincerely is because I do not have
time to be here commenting on what
I do not know if you know but sometimes I have
to repeat the comment and if I get
a little bad and good I do not care no
matter at all what will be the
next nuclear or the next game with
100 casualties I will comment it whole and so I will go
varying a little videos with music and
videos commented because good I guess
that if you are subscribed is also because
the comments and I also see that good
it seems that the series is being liked if
you are watching this is Sunday
I guess we will have reached 100
likes then it will have gone up right away
before and directly it is a pass
what I'm going to do is upload it to 150 likes and
even so even if we arrive we do not upload it
same day I upload them two days later a
day later because not if I 'm not going to
to be without videos I had planned a
little to do this series so from time to time
when and rising typical I
I usually climb that are the nuclear and
games with 100 casualties
I make it clear in the career title
armamentística yes that he like the series
that you like this video because you can
put it to see it and you do not like it then
look are all the nuclear ones that also
I have some saved saved here
with I have to nascar h with half
I have a nuclear double I have another
nuclear with 94 now dissolved and I have
a game with a hundred something low
also that it is already going up
good a little if they talk about the game
This is a game with the young girl
chique is silly comes a video
of a gray and good is a game the
truth is a weapon that I do not like much
and he had never brought anything with her and
Well, here is this game that does not
outside giving little show like
something strange as I liked to do outside
this series a game as good as
this one that is a 47 2 well I think that
it deserves even if it is to upload it and
everything I do not know I think it's entertaining
see especially because I'm always
going for them you see here a bit of
vacilla salcido that climbs the ladder
put a campion and good
that remains accessory for this weapon that
many times you ask me and I
I recommend that you put the charger
double and the laser sight
in this weapon I do not know why I do not get
used if you look at the laser because if I
comes an uncle close up I need
shoot him like that from the hip is to be
easier and good attention here when uploading
that he sees he is standing
I did not realize I was a little nervous
but I had thought these items did not
I have to stop a moment and without giving me
account but good I do not know how when
finished the living was lying down and not
they killed me something quite weird and in short
did not pass it like the fast I do not know by
what in some videos do you have that the
pain is that you do not have a good time
departure as short as it is because it is
I was going as fast as they stay
three minutes even if I enjoyed it
it's a little more
and that a little more to say simply
it's just what this series has been told
soon follow his video work
some more nuclear
and always upload these comments
but well what I said if I see that follows
looking for forgiveness if I still like
this series you already know 150 likes would be a
last I do not expect to get it I am neither
much less not even tomorrow
just like that I have a little more time
so even if it's me that I know in three
170 days when I get the video to 170 likes
if you arrive you can upload the next video
and assistant a little more time I that
I know to edit it something funny that I can
I do know that means is that
make fun what I intend with
this series since I can not record the
live and good good, good video
now and it has the last low takes
advice with the reaction but good that
it's a greeting and goodbye
therefore lands adhesive
all is yet